Doctor - Look we have alot going on here, 
people are dying don't waste my time


Response 1 - Of course, I just want to know how I may be of service to you. 

Response 2 - I think I can help. 

Response 3 - Yeah whatever (exit).


Doctor (1) - Thank you, I don't really run into capable people anymore. 
I've got a serum I'm working on that will cure alot of the deteriorative 
ailments people have around town. I need some supplies for this 
remedy. Can you help me with this?


Doctor (2) - You think??? Listen buddy I don't have time
for people who can only help halfway. I'm working on a 
very serious chemical compound that can save many people
from alot of the horrible diseases floating around here.
I need alot of supplies for this. Are you in Mr. "I think"
?

Doctor (3) - .........



Response 4 - Yes sir!

Response 5 - Sure whatcha need?

Response 6 - It seems like a bit much, um I dunno.

Response 7 - uhhh................


Doctor (4) - Thats exactly the kind of enthusiam I'm looking 
for, allright for starters I'll need some honey, nirnroot
some wild green berry juice, heres a hammer for you to 
stamp the juice out the berries are usually too hard
for someone to just jump on ortry to crush themselves. 
Take this jar to fill it with also. The last thing I'll
need is a 4 robin's eggs. Their secretion has an 
strong formulation of a rare substance that....well its 
allright for now just get the ingrdients.

Doctor (5) - Ok you seem like you might actually want to
help. For starters I'll need some honey, nirnroot
some wild green berry juice, heres a hammer for you to 
stamp the juice out the berries are usually too hard
for someone to just jump on ortry to crush themselves. 
Take this jar to fill it with also. The last thing I'll
need is a 4 robin's eggs. Their secretion has an 
strong formulation of a rare substance that....well its 
allright for now just get the ingrdients.

Doctor (6 & 7) - Allright then you're no good to me at all 
just leave...


- after the player finds and brings back all the items. 


Doctor - Remarkable!!! I can continue with my work now.
I just need a guinea pig...Would you mind letting me try
this on you?

Response 8 - Well...sure that'll be ok. 

Response 9 - No, this scares me. 

Response 10 - Well yeah I'll be going now. 


Doctor (8) - Ok sit down and hold still a moment, you
might feel a slight chill. 

-Player sits down in a chair and we can have some sort
of gui screen effect to show a change. 

Doctor (8) - Sucess well now I know this works, I'll 
inform the others in town of your efforts. Thank you
so much.

-End of Quest 

Doctor (9) - I can certainly see why. Its allright
you've done enough for me, I'll inform the others in 
town of what you've done for me. Thank you so much. 

-End of quest

Doctor (10) - Wait !!!! (player leaves (AI controlled?)
oh well guess I can try it out
on some test lab rats. Good guy though, a little weird
but still has a good heart. 

-End of quest